The Contractor shall use open source technologies wherever possible for the Solution, in support of the CFPB Source Code Policy. Regardless of license(s) used (ex. [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), [GPL](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html), [Creative Commons 0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), etc) the license(s) shall be clearly listed in the contract.

If the Contractor needs to use work that does not have an open source license, the Contractor is required to request permission from the CFPB, in writing, before incorporating the work either into the Solution, the operations or maintenance of the Solution, or training materials that support the Solution. If approved, all licenses shall be clearly set forth in a conspicuous place when work is delivered to the CFPB.

If a license provides implementation guidance, the Contractor shall ensure compliance. If implementation guidance is not available, the Contractor shall attach or include the license within the work itself. Examples of this include code comments at the beginning of a file or contained in a license file within a software repository. 

These requirements do not abrogate the unlimited rights of the CFPB in the work produced by the Contractor (see above section and CFPB Source Code Policy section II.3.b). The CFPB retains the right to move the work produced by the contractor into the public domain. The CFPB may elect to make the Solution an open source project. The CFPB will be solely responsible for open source projects, unless the CFPB engages the Contractor to assist through the requirements of the contract or task order.
